Update CHANGELOG (#44)
Deveryware/ansible-haproxy: CHANGELOG.md

> ## [Unreleased]

Reviewer: Why this ?

* [#32] Added 503 to default list of `errorfile`s.
* [#52] Added `mode` to `listen` section.
* [#61] Enabled configuring the stats interface to listen on a dedicated address.

> * [#62] Added `ssl-default-bind-ciphers` and `ssl-default-bind-options` to `g lobal` section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#62] Added `ssl-default-bind-ciphers` and `ssl-default-bind-options` to `global` section
```
